In last lectures, we added a lot of routing functionality to our app,
it's looking pretty good.
We get all the main pieces tied together,
one thing I want to bring to your attention again is we are subscribing to params here in the detail
component and in the edit component.
Now as I explained, you don't need to clean up the subscription here, I just want to bring it to your
attention again.
In other cases where you use your own observables, observables you created and not managed by Angular
therefore, you will need to clean up the subscription.
So definitely keep that in mind if you work with your own observables, here for now
we can simply proceed with the set up and let Angular do the cleanup work.